My name is Arzoo. I'm in the final year of my Pharmacy degree
What attracted me to Kingston was the open day that I attended before starting at the university.
I remember we had a tour by Professor Cairns and he really sold the course to us.
We had a chance to go into the labs, have a go at dispensing some pills and talk to the students.
They really enjoy their time here. What they told us, was that we get the chance to have placements right from our first year of the degree.
I really liked that point because not all pharmacy schools were offering that at the time.
I really liked the area that Kingston was in. I've always wanted to study in London so it was a good chance to come and study here.
What I really liked about the course was the clinical aspects which you study in the third and fourth year.
I really want to work as a hospital pharmacist. So it's been fantastic we've so much clinical knowledge
and the fact that we get to spend a week in a hospital setting or community, if thats's what you want to go into.
Just to get more of a feel of what the career demands.
The teachers here are excellent. The tutors are really helpful.
You do over time build a bond and they treat you like a professional.
We have good facilities here. We've got the LRC. When I started the John Galwsworthy building was a brand new facility.
It's pretty cool. You can go in if the rooms are empty and you need a quiet place to study
and the library is to crowded you can go in there.
Student life here is pretty good. We're a five minute walk from the town centre
We've got a river running behind the uni. So there's quite a lot of stuff to do.
We have a fantastic Pharmacy Society here. They organise a lot of social events every year.
We have a fantastic Ball. Last year we had a masquerade theme. This year we got an Oscars and Hollywood theme with the billboards and everything.
It's a nice opportunity to get to know other people on the course across the years,
get to know your teachers. Because obviously, they are all invited to the ball.
It's nice to see everybody outside of uni. Dressed up and having a good time.
Coursework wise, there is a lot to do. It's not easy, but you just need to pace yourself.
Which is good, because it prepares you for when you will be practising as a pharmacist.
Time management is one of the essential skills you will need.
You do a lot of group work. You have a lot of presentations to do right from the start.
I think that was quite nerve racking. Because you're not really used to that, depending on what high school or college you went to.
It builds your skills up for your final year when you need to present your project
and your posters, to your whole year group and tutors
It builds your confidence up so you are not so scared in presenting. Because your project will be a big thing anyway.
I am doing my project in hospital because I wanted to go into hospital. We've got fantastic support from our tutors at the hospital
as well as the tutors in university. You can go and see them as much as you like and they help you as much as they can
They really push you to get the best grade you possibly can.
So if you like having fun. If you like meeting people and you want to study for a professional degree,
I think pharmacy is a fantastic choice and Kingston University is a really good place to do it.
They offer you opportunities other places don't. Such as placements right from the start.
You have two every year. A week long placement in your third year.
When it comes to doing assignmements, the library has access to a lot of journals that other universities don't always have access to.
So you don't have to pay to get the information that you need.
So there is a lot of support available and it really does help you achieve your full potential.